When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
[frustrated, angry roar]
[roar]
Drago...
[frustrated angry roar]
Drago!
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Dude, Where's My Bakugan?\"
Hi!
Oh... Are you alright?
Must have been some nightmare.
You interrupted my beauty sleep.
I thought we were being attacked.
Don't scare us like that again.
Master Dan...
we all know that it hasn't been that easy since you
lost Drago.
I was hoping that was just a bad dream.
[sad gasp]
I can't believe Drago is really gone.
[small sob]
You'll get him back, Dan...
Please, you can't give up.
[amused snort]
There's no time to feel sorry for myself...
I've got to start training hard so I'm primed for a rematch.
Right!
Oooh! Right!
Shake it off and get back out there.
Well, if you're gonna get training then I better get
cooking.
Hope you like it!
Looks delicious!
Let's dig in!
[gobbling noises]
If I'm gonna train as hard as Master Dan then I'm
gonna eat as hard as Master Dan.
[gobbling noises]
It's good to see Dan's got his appetite back...
He seems like his old, perky
self again.
Yeah...
Weird. I never thought Dan would be able to
bounce back without Drago.
But he's looking good!
[gulp and munching food]
[closed mouth depressed sigh]
It's not working.
This is all my fault.
Drago's gone.
Dan...
You shouldn't blame yourself.
Drago wouldn't want you to.
I don't think he hears us.
Master Dan?
Hello? Earth to Dan.
[long, sad sigh]
Wow, Master Dan really must be messed up.
You know, Julie,
Dan's been apart from Drago before but...
It's never affected him this bad.
Drago is a part of him.
It's like he's lost
all hope...
We've got to figure out a way to help Dan snap out of it.
Drago needs him more than ever.
Dan? I'm... so sorry.
Come on, girls...
You can't cheer him up with frowns.
Right.
I feel like a traitor.
My brother is the one who's causing all this misery.
The dragonoid is now mine, Gus.
And yet I feel strangely unsatisfied.
But, Master...
now you can complete your plan to build the most
powerful hybrid Bakugan ever created!
Then you and I will remake New Vestroia in or own image.
[amused chuckle]
As you can see, Prince Hydron, now that the
dragonoid has gone, the Dimension Controllers'
power is increasing once again.
It even covers the area the destroyed Alpha
Controller left unprotected.
Now if we can close the Gate before the rest of the
Battle Brawlers' Resistance returns from Earth...
...there will be no one left to interfere with our plans.
Have you forgotten about Spectra and Gus?
They haven't come back yet, have they?
Those two will find their own way back, I'm sure...
No, we will wait until they return.
If I know Spectra...
he'll come back when he has found something of value...
Let's see what he finds.
Right!
You enjoy power too much, Mylene.
Why doesn't that brat listen?
If he weren't the Prince I would tear him apart...
[mocking, maniacal laughter]
I love this.
Big scary Mylene taking orders from a kid.
Great. Freak show's started.
[maniacal laugh]
That Royal punks' really got you steamed up...
You should let him know who's boss.
Mind your own business!
Suuuuure.
Julie, I'll check if Dan wants to watch a movie.
Ooooh.
How about a romance with lots of kissing?
Mira, where's Dan?
I'm not sure.
He and Baron were talking about going for a run.
A run?
I guess it's okay as long as he takes it easy.
Runo, you and I both know that Dan never takes
anything easy.
Yeah.
After our run we can swim some laps.
Then we can get in some weight training.
Come on, Baron! Pick it up!
That's it!
I gotta keep pushing myself or I'm never gonna
get strong enough to beat Spectra and take back
Drago...
Master Dan!
Please wait!
Can't we...
take a little rest?
I'm feel like I'm gonna pass out.
What's the matter, Baron?
Outta shape?
[running panting]
I really want to be as strong as you, Master Dan...
but I'm not quite sure I want to do the work.
Come on!
Seriously...
I'll hurl if we don't stop
Okay, take five and chill buddy...
I'm gonna do a couple of more laps around the lake.
[running panting]
[roars and motivated running panting]
[tired groan]
I'm tired just watching him...
But if he keeps this up he'll have no trouble
beating Spectra.
I wouldn't be so sure of that, Baron.
One more time!
Goooooooo!
[gasp!]
Master Dan!
[running panting]
Are you alright?
Wha?
You've been training too hard...
[gasp!] Your forehead is so hot...
We need to go home right away...
[weak effort]
No Baron.
I've got to train.
For Drago...
I've.. got... to
Master Dan!
[feverish breathing]
The Perfect Core's strength is fading.
We must retrieve the young dragonoid and restore him
before it is too late for New Vestroia.
Oh, he looks so peaceful, lying there all
unconscious.
We should have realized he was sick.
What's the point?
Dan wouldn't have listened.
I should have stopped him.
But he does whatever he wants.
He's Master Dan...
I guess even he has limits.
If he fights Spectra too soon and loses, I don't
think he'll be able to take it.
mmmhmm.
So we all agree.
We can't let him battle in this condition.
Then I'll battle Spectra for Master Dan.
[slight growl]
I'm sorry, Baron...
But you're not ready for that...
Spectra is even more dangerous now that he's
got his hands on Drago.
Then you will have to do it, Mira.
We have no choice!
[gasp!]
But I can't.
[feverish breathing]
Can I battle my brother?
Even for Dan?
Drago.
[flinching gasp]
Hey, who turned on the lights?
Drago is now mine! [evil chuckle]
I'm coming Drago!
Where are you?
If you're here, please answer me!
[catching breath]
[taking breath] Dragooo!
[taking breath] Drago!
I'm sorry, partner...
I let you down.
I wasn't strong enough to stop Spectra.
[sobbing/upset]
Dragoooooo!
Your call has been answered, Dan Kuso.
I know you!
Indeed you do.
I am APOLLONIR, one of New Vestroia's Six Ancient
Warriors.
It's been a while.
Oh yeah.
Hey Apollonir...
But what are you doing here?
I have come to retrieve Drago.
For Drago...
I'm sorry.
I'm the reason Drago's gone...
I wasn't strong enough...
Now Spectra's got him and there's nothing I can do
to stop the Vexos.
I heard your cries for help even in the Perfect Core...
But you disappoint me, Dan Kuso.
Have you given up so easily?
Do you have the courage to battle once again...
...to win Drago back?
You bet!
I'll never stop fighting to save Drago and free New Vestroia!
You got my word!
That is the Dan Kuso I remember.
My dream...
I saw Drago roaring but he looked totally different...
He was mean and freaky...
Just like one of those Vexos Bakugan...
I'm afraid we're already too late to save him.
Perhaps he too is losing hope and blaming himself.
Perhaps he is frustrated, just like you.
Frustrated?
Frustrated by his own weakness.
And angry at himself for losing the battle and
letting you down.
[frustrated roar]
That's right...
Drago wasn't screaming because he's turned bad...
He was...
He was crying for help!
He was trying to talk to me...
Trying to help me find him!
We're still partners!
Of course you are.
You and Drago share a special bond.
Yes we do!
And that's why I'm going to win him back!
That's the spirit!
Let the battle begin!
But you won't be alone.
We'll need the help of all your friends.
[sudden waking]
Was that a dream or what!
See for yourself, hotshot!
His fever has broken at last.
Apollinir!
[cocky laugh]
I'm back in the game!
I am relieved you are back.
I am linked to the Perfect Core, just like Drago.
Spectra cannot hide him from me.
[\u266a]
I see him!
Let us proceed!
What the..?
You finally found me...
took you long enough.
What's the matter?
Afraid to give me another shot?
'Cause after I shut you down I'm gonna take back Drago.
Nice try, whiners.
You don't stand a chance against Spectra no matter
how many times you brawl.
Then why don't you prove it.
You're not worthy of Master Spectra.
I accept your challenge, Dan Kuso.
But why Master?
It's my chance to test the dragonoid's power.
What will you brawl with!
I'm pretty sure I took your only Bakugan.
An ancient warrior Bakugan...
Meet Apollonir!
That old thing!
You really think you can beat Spectra with a
hand-me-down Bakugan?
Get ready to eat those words, Gus!
[cocky chuckle]
Spectra, you know it doesn't have to be this way...
Unless you recognize the Bakugan as living beings...
We'll never stop fighting to free them!
[amused, closed-mouth chuckle]
Have it your way.
Ready, Spectra?
I'm always ready.
Go Gauntlet...
Power Strike!
Helios. I want to test Apollonir to see if he's worthy
of facing the dragonoid...
No holding back.
You understand?
Never fear.
The old fool has no chance against me.
I will crush him like I crushed Drago.
It was the power of the Forbidden Card that
defeated Drago...
You won't need it to beat Apollonir.
Quit stalling, Spectra!
Gate Card Set!
First...
You must face...
Haos Helios!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
Hey! That's Helios!
We don't want him!
Bring out Drago!
Yeah, bring out the A team!
[mocking laugh]
Guess you forgot to say pretty please!
You've got to earn the right to battle Drago!
[frustrated tsk]
Then I'll trash Helios and make you
bring him out!
I'm counting on you Apollonir.
I am ready for battle.
Okay...
Bakugan Brawl!
Pyus Apollonir Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
So you're one of the six ancient warriors.
You don't look legendary to me.
You have no Bakugan pride or manners.
I'll have to teach you some.
[battle roar]
You'll pay for that!
[dismissive/amused grunt]
Keep your cool...
Helios...
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate!
Maximum Quasar!
Helios increase 300.
That's it? Dan, let's do this.
Right!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Neo Valute!
[happy laugh]
That cuts you down to size
Ha! Not too shabby for an old Bakugan.
[annoyed grunt]
Way to go, Apollonir!
That was awesome!
He blew away 400 points in a single move!
Yeah, nothing's going to stop us now!
Ability Activate!
Saiam Low!
We're going to take all his power level points.
Then, bring on Drago!
[struggling]
No way!
Helios can't even move!
They're taking down his Power Level without even
hurting him.
It won't be long now.
[defiant battle roar]
This is a cowardly way to battle.
Why won't you fight?
We are not like you Vestals.
Why should we bring harm to a fellow Bakugan when
we can simply stop you and take back our friend?
You have much to learn about Bakugan spirit.
[frustrated roar]
Nobody lectures me...
Bakugan spirit is nothing compared to sheer power.
Come Bakugan Trap.
Pyrus Metalfencer!
Hang on, Helios!
Metalfencer! Go to battle mode immediately!
[battle roar]
Helios and Metalfencer.
Combination complete.
Aah snap!
Combining with Metafencer stopped Apollonir's power
drain.
Now the battle begins.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Red Valkyrie!
[battle roar]
That's more like it!
Fire!
Not so fast!
Ability Activate!
Neo Valute!
Just can't get it started, huh guys?
I'll just blast my way through your shield!
[defiant roar]
A feeble attack.
What kind of a warrior depends on a machine like
that!
Dan!
Show him how a true brawler battles!
Right!
Here we go!
Ability Card Set
Ability Activate!
Maximum Pyrus!
Helios!
[closed-mouth frustrated]
He swatted Helios and Metalfencer from the sky
like insects!
Impossible!
I never lose!
First time for everything.
Awesome!
Apollonir IS legendary!
No way Spectra and the Vexos can touch him!
It's not just my power that won...
Your love for the Bakugan gives me strength!
[impressed grunt] They weren't kidding.
He is one of the ancient... six warriors.
Impressive.
Give me another chance.
I can take him!
No, I think not...
Perhaps this one can bring out the beast in our
dragonoid.
Let's go Spectra.
We're tired of waiting for the main event!
Only one opponent is worthy of my power...
Drago!
All right.
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
[ready for battle roar]
At last a real test...
Let's unleash the power...
...of the perfect dragonoid!
Okay, you want Drago?
Bakugan Brawl!
Stand Pyrus Drago!
[evil, defiant roar]
Calculating Power Levels
Oh No! That's Drago?
What have they done to you?
Woaah!
Are we too late?
[menacing growl]
[evil, confident chuckle]
[threatening battle roar]
What's wrong?
Don't you recognize your old friend Drago?
Hey Brawlers.
My dream of saving Drago just turned into a
nightmare!
How's a guy supposed to fight his friend who's
turned evil?
All Spectra cares about is using the power of the
Perfect Core and the Forbidden Card to turn
Drago into a monster Bakugan!
That guy really burns me up but his final trick has
the opposite effect on Drago!
Be here next time!
I need all the help I can get!
Bakugan Brawl!
Don't miss the battle of the century!
Let's go!
[\u266a]